c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\Employees.exe.config
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\Employees.exe
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\Employees.pdb
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees.g.resources
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees.exe
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees.pdb
c:\users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\DBEmployee.mdf
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\bin\Debug\DBEmployee_log.ldf
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\Employees_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\UserCont.baml
C:\Users\Ivan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Employees\Employees\obj\Debug\UserCont.g.cs
